What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, a .git folder is created. You do it because it 
is the first step to creating a repository out of an otherwise regular 
directory. No commits are made, but you have to do it yourself. Using git init 
is just the first thing you have to do to get started.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is like an in-between for the working directory and the actual 
repository. I think it has value because it allows you to get things ready for 
the actual commit. It makes it easier to avoid mistakes and just makes it easier 
to organize things.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

If you've made multiple changes that you think would be better to break into 
multiple commits, you can commit each different batch of files at a time. With 
staging, you can use git diff to make sure you have chosen only the certain ones 
each time.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

If you want to work on some sort of alternative version of your project, 
branches are pretty handy. If there's something you want to change or work on, 
but you still want to have an easily accessible original instead of having to 
dig through your commits for it each time, branches are just the thing.

If you want to work on an experimental idea while continuing to work with the 
original separately, branches are a good idea.

Overall, branches let you keep separate versions with their own separate 
histories. And then if you ever want to merge them together, you can do that.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams make for a nice picture that represents how the branch structure is 
like. They allow you to easily see what commits are part of what branch, as well 
as which commits are untraceable and would be lost if you do not give it its own 
branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in 
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is a combination of the two 
branches, bringing the changes together. Starting from the version both branches 
originated from, whatever was added to either is added and anything removed is 
removed.

It is represented in the diagram as the two branches coming together to one 
point. This is basically just what happens. All the changes come together into 
one just like that.
